Policy (#1953)
huggingface/blog: policy-blog.md

---
title: "Public Policy at Hugging Face"
thumbnail: /blog/assets/policy_docs/policy_blog_thumbnail.png
authors:
- user: irenesolaiman
- user: yjernite
- user: meg
---

# Public Policy at Hugging Face

<!-- {blog_metadata} -->
<!-- {authors} -->

AI Policy at Hugging Face is a multidisciplinary and cross-organizational workstream. Instead of being part of a vertical communications or global affairs organization, our policy work is rooted in the expertise of our many researchers and developers, from [Ethics and Society Regulars](https://huggingface.co/blog/ethics-soc-1) and legal team to machine learning engineers working on healthcare, art, and evaluations.

> What we work on is informed by our Hugging Face community needs and experiences on the Hub. We champion [ethical openness](https://huggingface.co/blog/ethics-soc-3), investing heavily in [ethics-forward research](https://huggingface.co/spaces/society-ethics/about), (transparency mechanisms)[https://huggingface.co/blog/model-cards], [platform safeguards](https://huggingface.co/content-guidelines), and translate our lessons to policy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What we work on is informed by our Hugging Face community needs and experiences on the Hub. We champion [ethical openness](https://huggingface.co/blog/ethics-soc-3), which includes investing heavily in [ethics-forward research](https://huggingface.co/spaces/society-ethics/about), (transparency mechanisms)[https://huggingface.co/blog/model-cards], and [platform safeguards](https://huggingface.co/content-guidelines), and we translate our lessons for this work to policy. 
```

So what have we shared with policymakers?

## Policy Materials

> The following materials reflect what we find urgent to stress to policymakers at the time of the request for information and will be updated as materials are published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following materials reflect what we have found urgent to stress to policymakers at the time of requests for information, and will be updated as materials are published.
```

---
title: "Public Policy at Hugging Face"
thumbnail: /blog/assets/policy_docs/policy_blog_thumbnail.png
authors:
- user: irenesolaiman
- user: yjernite
- user: meg
---

# Public Policy at Hugging Face

<!-- {blog_metadata} -->
<!-- {authors} -->

> 

Author: Thank you!!
